# When to use my-downloader site and how it helps

An example situation is, when you want to download Ubuntu 16.04 for your desktop. But the direct link to the Ubuntu 16.04 ISO file is a HTTP link. Now, you are **not** at home, let's say you are at office or college. Such places **don't allow** big and certain files to be downloaded, to limit unnecessary Internet usage. And this happens only when you use a HTTP link for downloading. And they do it by interfering with your HTTP request using some proxy server and stop it there itself and stop you from doing anything unnecessary, by checking the domain of the link you are accessing. Or even if the request goes to the server, then when response comes, if it is HTTP, the proxy can still stop the response. How can the proxy server know anything about our messages (request/response), well, it knows **everything**, if it is HTTP. [ In my college 50 MB is the cap/limit for downloading ]

Now, let's talk about what happens if the download link is a HTTPs link. With HTTPS protocol, **only** the client and the server (which serves the link content) can see the messages (request/response) which includes the the headers and the body of the message. This is because everything is encrypted. So, the proxy server cannot see the size of the content by examining the content-length header, as HTTPS is being used and this way proxy server cannot interfere with the request/response and stop us from getting the content, and consequently link content can be seen only users.

For the proxy server, the only way to stop this small hack is by blocking all https requests and responses, but that would mean - no access to most of the websites in Web. So, let's just use this small hack ;)
